# QSL-PnB-Setup
This online repository is the easiest way to keep your application up to date. If you are already familiar with Git Bash or Github Desktop, then you should be able to set up this repository pretty easily. 

# Setting Up (for those who are unfamiliar)
An online repository is used to let multiple people use versioned files. Typically they're used when multiple people are working on the same project, but here we'll just use it for keeping your application up to date. 
To get started, click the green "Code" button at the top right of this section of the page. There should be an option to download Github Desktop (or something mentioning Github Desktop). I highly recommend this for beginners, Git Bash is another option but I do  not recommend.
Once downloaded, you'll be able to go back to that green "Code" button, and select "Open with Github Desktop". Click that and it should open the Github application. It should ask you for a folder location (this is where all your files will be, so just select wherever you want, mine is kept on the desktop).
Once you have a folder location selected, hit OK and it should download the repository. That's about it, all the files should be in there. To keep it up to date, you'll notice Github Desktop has a "Fetch Origin" button at the top. This will check if the repository has had any updates. If it says there are pending updates, go ahead and hit that button again and it should 'pull' the updates from the online repository onto your computer. 